well in terms of width front door and
rear door are comparable there's quite a
wide aperture here of opening as well
and foot seats are set for six foot
driver and passenger there's quite a lot
of legroom they're comparable in my view
to a Skoda Superb estates so we'll try
to find out now
now it's quite cozy in here got our
shoulders and lurching each other out
our heads actually touching the side
airbags now this PSA Peugeot engine has
been shoehorned in as you can see the on
the most simple to work on quite complex
here here's a common rail your diesel
pipes and your four injectors engines
mounted directly over the four an axle
and that accounts for the Bella Turner
that you get on bends
for first year this taxation in the UK
this will cost hundred fifty five pounds
the tax car emits 150 g/km co2 and
that's only one more than the 2-liter
HDI and only six more than the 136
petrol so that's quite an achievement
now the farmer weight is built in France
it's also bill believer a lot in China
four and a large earning car market
there in terms of poor quality I haven't
spotted any flaws it's got the solidity
of a German car only issue I found is
with this plastic bumper that seems to
have warps it was not quite flush but
the rest of the batwing here
now where can our weekly speaking
everything is it's a hand although there
are so many switches going on that Pirjo
have actually had to conceal in a serie
here for the head-up display that pops
out stalk conceals these three switches
here the cars are getting more complex
day by day but do we really need another
trip moment
that's it handbrake when it takes time
to actually engage
now getting detergent for brake
horsepower from a 2.2 servo diesel is an
achievement and this engine has got
similar performance to the old 2.7 v6
diesel that used to be in the exchange
as right hand been here and turnin is
very sharp for a car of this size
in terms of mpg the car was primped and
it showed 600 miles and that's with a 72
leads a team of covers just over 250
miles and that's used the course of a
tank therefore theoretically speaking
thousand miles possibly potential fuel
arranged but we'll see how that goes
as we continue on our travels so for
about a thousand pounds more you could
buy a 2.7 diesel a for Audi estates but
actually has less brake horsepower than
this 2.2 508 of course you won't get as
many other gizmos that you've got in
here
I think mid-range 508 would complete
more with the Vauxhall Insignia now
they're quite similar in terms of
dimension burning me understanding
future with the 508 diesel is the
greater brake horsepower further after
themselves at a service pipe not
offering a manual option with this
engine size 7 that would reduce the
price
in terms of performance and economy it
is very good driveability very good load
carrying practicalities No what do you
think P about it well for me it's not
practical enough as in this Lane I mean
Barry reminding you driving a stay down
here yeah it's reduced size at the back
and then imagine you and me else get
lots of things and he would to me it's
more like a bigger hatchback people like
this estate look maybe well the estate
look is a lower roof line with with less
glass area
there's more it is farming this diesel
engine which is shows maybe 800 miles
potential maximum range we're talking a
long-distance car
at my view of Persia and where this
fiber has changed because it seems to
have addressed the balance war between
engineering and electronic gizmos this
car is better engineer that previous
Persians aren't driven
you
[Music]